feat!: remove support for fluent-bit and fluentd (#3244)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/v4-migration-doc.md

:construction:

### Removing support for Fluent Bit and Fluentd

Te following changes are required in order to switch to OpenTelemetry:

> - `fluent-bit.*` has to be removed from `user-values.yaml`

Author: ```suggestion
- `fluent-bit.*` should be removed from `user-values.yaml`
```

- `sumologic.logs.collector.allowSideBySide` should be removed from `user-values.yaml`
- `sumologic.logs.defaultFluentd.*` should be removed from `user-values.yaml`
- `fluentd.*` should be removed from `user-values.yaml`
- `sumologic.logs.metadata.provider` should be removed from `user-values.yaml`

> - `sumologic.metrics.metadata.provider` should be removed from `user-values.yaml`

Reviewer: Is removing these actually `required`? If they're not removed, they'll just be ignored, right?

Author: I'm checking only for `provider` values and `fluent-bit.enabled`. I believe this is sufficient
